From outside the window, the world of Athens, Florida trembled green and
tugged at Novalie's eyes, demanding attention. So much so, that when
Aneilia's mechanical pencil was tossed onto her desk, Novalie nearly
fell completely over the edge of her seat. Novalie swiftly deconstructed
the mechanical pencil and pulled out a tiny scrolled-up piece of paper
with a note in impossibly minuscule writing.

*My parents are ok with dinner. 6 pm Friday. 118 April Lane.*

Novalie had been asking to hang out at Aneilia's house for forever. She
turned back to face Aneilia but found her busy observing the group of
girls in the back of the classroom, all surrounding Liv Burman, who
hated Aneilia and made everyone hate her too. Liv was the reason why
Novalie started eating cafeteria food and stopped bringing packed
lunches.

Aneilia didn't seem to understand that people could hate her. She
treated Liv the same as she treated everyone, bombarding them with
questions.

"Why don't eighth graders have recess?" asked Aneilia. "We have a
fifteen-minute outdoor break but they stopped calling it recess."

"Because we're not kindergarteners anymore," said Liv.

"I do notice that kids start sticking to stricter social hierarchies,
and into these gendered... herds," offered Aneilia. "What are your
thoughts on this?"

Novalie was both envious of and repulsed by her shamelessness. The girls
around Liv giggled quietly as they eagerly waited for Liv's response.

Liv flared her nostrils, flashing the whites of her eyes at her. "Yeah
whatever Aneilia, stop making a big fuss and go be a kindergartener with
Mariam Webster over there," she said, referencing Novalie's nickname.
"We're talking about the end of the year formal, very grown-up business
you wouldn't understand."

Aneilia shrugged, unbothered. Liv looked over at Novalie and sneered.
Novalie felt herself shrink and avert Liv's gaze, waiting for her to
turn back to her posse before mustering a tight smile at Aneilia. She
weakly held up the mechanical pencil to confirm their plans for later
that week.

<br>

"What kind of food do humans like?" Aneilia asked her partners Bill and
Sue.

Bill opened their completely empty fridge, grinding his teeth. The three
of them stood in their magazine-cover kitchen, not a single utensil or
pot in sight.

"Lasagna," said Sue. She looked down at her arms, then at Bill's, and
then finally at Aneilia. "We look like we can pass for Italians, maybe
not Aneilia though."

Aneilia tucked her blonde hair behind her ears. "I told them to give me
brown hair, this is a genetic rarity, to have two dark-haired parents."

Bill shook his head. "I dunno, humans reek of infidelity, maybe my wife
procreated with another man with lighter hair--"

"Shut up," said Sue. "There is no time mulling over what we cannot
change. What we *can* do is focus on not letting this young human see
through our cover."

Bill clicked his tongue in a way that made a glassy, crinkling sound.
"Novalie is of Chinese descent, do you think she would react poorly to
pasta?"

Aneilia shook her head. "She mostly eats dining hall food anyways, which
is pretty American."

Bill sighed. "Work is so easy, I drive to the big box, type for eight
hours, smile at coworkers, and then come home. How does one talk to a
human child?"

Aneilia began to say something but Sue cut her off. "You're a human
child too so you don't need to adhere to the customs as much. And I've
seen your reports, you are far too aggressive with your intel
gathering."

Aneilia squinted with annoyance. "Nobody answers questions like Novalie.
She does not do the things the rest do with their eyes."

Bill and Sue smiled, together, they rolled their eyes in slow motion.

"It's so crude. I've noticed that this behavior peaks at age twenty-five
and then subsequently drops," said Sue.

"Huh," said Bill, "I thought it just got worse over time."

Aneilia sighed. "It'll be weird for me to be seen at one of their
depots, can the two of you buy the lasagna by Friday? We also need
props. Forks and... chopsticks?"

"Yes," said Bill.

"Respect customs," agreed Sue. "We will refrain from asking too many
questions, act amicably, and hopefully her suspicions will lower."

"How long has she been investigating the coast now?" asked Bill.

"Unsure," replied Aneilia. "When we met last semester at Braddock, she
had been investigating for a while, and had already printed out
photographs of our lights."

Sue sighed. "I just hope it doesn't come down to termination."

Bill shook his head. "Don't even mention it, casualties are to be as
minimal as possible."

<br>

What to wear? Novalie and her mom struggled over which of her dresses to
don for the occasion at the end of the week. The two garish garments lay
limp and wrinkled on the couch, an iron heating up on the kitchen
counter.

"Xiao Jiu," her mother said her Chinese name, "Did you think of a
present to bring them?"

Novalie paused, wondering for a moment if she should lie.

"I forgot," she said.

Her mom made a disappointed exhale and walked towards Novalie's room.

"Wait! I told you not to go in there!" said Novalie, and all of the
strength in her legs powered her as she raced to her room and blocked
the entranceway. Her mother acquiesced.

Novalie smiled sweetly. "What were you going to grab?"

"Just the basket on your closet's top shelf. I got some fruit today. We can scrap together an arrangement," her mother replied.

Novalie moved quickly to find the item her mom wanted, bringing a stool
to her closet and rummaging through the ruckus. Lisa Sun was a surgeon
in China but after moving to America, her job was to raise Novalie.
Though she never seemed to let go of her excruciating precision when it
came to judgment and criticism.

From up on her stool, Novalie cast a wary glance at her desk, what she
was guarding from her mother. She wasn't going to expose the
investigations to her until she was sure.

One could find a small universe sprawled on the underbelly of the cheap
IKEA writing desk: newspaper clippings of alien sightings, Aneilia's
illegible poetry scrawled on math homework, and endless photographs of
the Athens beach painstakingly scotch taped to the cheap chipboard. They
were almost all pitch black, all taken at night, and each depicted the
same thing, the Seabrights: three silver rings of light hovering above
the waves.

As Novalie fished out the basket from the back of the top shelf, she
remembered the first time Aneilia was in her room. She had caught
Aneilia standing before the photo frame her mom bought from TJ Maxx, the
one that still had its stock photo: a blonde girl frozen in a field
surrounded by sunflowers.

Novalie herself had been startled by how similar her friend looked to
the girl in the photo. It wasn't just because Aneilia was blonde too.
Her face was extreme in its symmetricality and had a quality about it
that made it both hard to remember and to forget. Extreme genericness.

Novalie had watched as Aneilia noticed the resemblance herself, her eyes
shifting from the photograph to Novalie's makeup mirror, a look of
surprise stricken on her face as if she were looking at someone else. At
that moment, Aneilia, who was unusually skittish and noticed any minute
changes in noise or movement, was completely frozen like the girl in the
photograph, unaware of Novalie's presence. She looked haunted. Her light
gray eyes were wide and she had a hollow look about her. And then
Novalie saw it: a silver glint in Aneilia's eyes, a sharp shade of
lightning gray that she had not seen anywhere else, except...

The wicker basket was coated in dust and made Novalie sneeze explosively
as she lowered it from its shelf. She presented it to her mother.

"Thank you, this is perfect, " was the response she got. Her mother ran
a wet rag over the basket and let out a hopeful sigh.

<br>

Novalie pedaled into the dark.

"How the fuck are you going that fast?" Aneilia called out from behind.
Novalie hated Aneilia's new obsession with curse words.

"Dunno, guess you're just too fucking slow," Novalie yelled back. She
had waited at the edge of Aneilia's driveway, whispering into one of two
electric blue walkie-talkies until Aneilia also slipped out her window.

They were riding through Athens, a small beach town that was completely
flat and bad at tourism even though that was its only chance at
survival.

"Where are we going?" hollered Aneilia.

A year ago, their friendship had begun with bike rides, Novalie as the
local and Aneilia as the new kid in town. Novalie quickly exhausted the
usual spots: the diner, the one and only strip mall, the Food Lion. Now
they just biked for the sake of biking, occasionally stopping at a
memorable tree or parking lot to talk and eat candy bars.

"We're going to the beach," said Novalie.

"Is it too late at night to go to the beach?"

"That's kind of the point."

Aneilia stopped her bike completely.

"What are you doing?" asked Novalie, whipping her head back. She stopped
too, nobody was out on the street this late. "There's something I wanted
to show you for a while now but you have to promise not to tell anyone."

Aneilia shifted uneasily. "Can't you just tell me now?" she asked.

"Are you scared of the water? We aren't getting in. It's just something
I can't explain with words, you wouldn't believe me anyway," said
Novalie.

"Ok, I will comply," said Aneilia.

They rode for a while before Aneilia spoke again.

"Why are you showing me this now?"

Novalie didn't know herself. "I just spend a lot of my time recording
this... phenomenon. Like *really recording* it. But it doesn't seem real
until I tell someone. You know?"

Aneilia shrugged. "Even if you didn't tell anyone, it doesn't make it
less real."

But Novalie pretended she didn't hear. Instead, she let the wind rip at
their ears and they rode wordlessly until they reached the beach. They
left their bikes and shoes against a metal fence, ditching the still hot
concrete as they walked onto the sand, cool and loose underneath their
bare feet, burying their trail as they went. It was like they were
sinking as they were walking, and it made a heavy cadence to their
steps: down and forward, down and forward.

"I saw a flock of avocets yesterday," said Novalie.

"Avocet?" asked Aneilia.

"It's a kind of bird. They aren't supposed to be here in the summer, but
they were circling the palm tree by the cafeteria."

"Where are they supposed to go?"

"North, midwest actually."

The sand grew hard as they approached the water, their weight beginning
to be met with some solidity, some give from the seawater, a slight
buoyancy. Their cadence had quickened into fat slaps that propelled them
forward. Above them, the night sky swam with constellations, but the
moon was just a sliver.

"Do they have a venereal term?" asked Aneilia.

Novalie scrunched her face. "What's that?"

"It's like when you say a pride of lions or like, a colony of ants,"
said Aneilia.

"No idea, probably not," said Novalie.

"It's weird how some do and some don't," said Aneilia.

They continued towards the pier, the tide coming in every once in a
while to brush at their ankles, destroying the specific permutation of
interchanging footprints left behind them. It was never really cold in
Athens, but that night they shivered in the cold cast of starlight.

Novalie shrugged. "Well, anyways, I was wondering if the avocets had
anything to do with the Seabrights."

Aneilia's steps slowed. "What's that?"

"I've been studying the coast for a while now, and I think there is
something wrong with this beach," Novalie continued. "Let me show you,
it's near the pier."

Novalie's steps quickened and Aneilia matched her speed.

"How would the birds have anything to do with the lights-" she whined.

"Seabrights." corrected Novalie.

"Ok, Seabrights. What do the birds have to do with that?"

Novalie appreciated Aneilia for going along with her small insistences.

"It's getting close to the solstice, which is also when the Seabrights
reach their maximum illumination. And last year there was a group of
beached whales the week before. Just weird crap like that," said
Novalie.

"Yeah, weird shit," Aneilia grinned, emphasizing the 't' at the end of
the word shit.

Novalie couldn't help but grin back.

She continued, "When it first happened all kinds of rumors started --
Navy practice drills, Russian surveillance, even... aliens."

Aneilia nodded slowly, her shoulders and neck bobbing up and down too.
"What do *you* think it is?"

Novalie squinted at the horizon swirling with black and navy. "The
military base is too far from here... please don't think I'm crazy, but
I think it's something extraterrestrial."

Aneilia and Novalie stopped beneath the pier, water at their ankles.

"Anytime now," she said. "There'll be these rings of light, the
brightest silver, and I swear, and it's not an airplane or the moon, I
see them every time I come here."

And so the two girls leaned against the wooden pillars, waiting for
magic that never came. After half an hour of eager small talk, Aneilia
shook her head.

"Novalie, I don't know if tonight is the night."

Novalie's mouth twisted in one direction. "Come on, let's wait a little
longer."

"I don't think it's very nice of you to make up stories like this," said
Aneilia, "even if you were bored."

"I am not making shit up!" said Novalie. "I can't believe the first time
I try to show anybody they don't come out. I swear--"

"It's okay," said Aneilia.

"Every other time!" Novalie said to herself.

Aneila started to wade back towards the dry beach, the water having
grown to their shins since they first got there.

"Why would I be bored?" asked Novalie, calling after her. "Why did you
say it like that?"

Aneilia kept walking until she was completely out of the water before
turning back. "Whatever. Ignore what I just said. Let's return to our
bikes."

Novalie followed slowly, her steps being the ones dragging behind
Aneilia now. She knew the answer to her own question: Of course she was
bored, there was nothing to do in Athens when you only had one friend.

<br>

"She tried to show me the pier," said Aneilia.

Bill and Sue shared a look of concern. They were in a two car garage
with one 2008 silver Toyota Corolla, leaving room for them to sit on the
floor beside the car. This was where Aneilia slept.

"Was any information compromised?" asked Sue.

"No," said Aneilia. "But I lied to her for the first time."

"Now *that* is a lie," said Sue. "We are under disguise, our entire
presence is dishonest."

"Perhaps she means in a more... direct way," Bill pondered. He started
to pat Aneilia's lap with the back of his hand, palm up. "You are too
sentimental," and then after a pause: "What did she ask you?"

"Did she ask if you were different?" pressed Sue.

"No, she just asked what I thought about the ships," said Aneilia. "She
called them 'Seabrights.' Pretty name."

Bill nodded. "And how did her question make you think?" he asked.

Novalie shook her head. "Humans lie all the time. But I think she was
showing me something special, a secret... I feel..." she clutched her
chest.

"I find it worrisome that you are more concerned about her emotional
safety than our security," said Sue.

"I have to agree with Sue here," said Bill. "For our safety, and hers,
you have to keep some distance."

Aneilia nodded, not saying anything else. Bill and Sue looked at each
other again before getting up and going back in the house.

"The dinner is too close to cancel. We will go through with it, but just
be wary," said Sue as she closed the door.

They left Aneilia in the dank garage. She knew they were right. But
earlier that night at the pier, she had felt a powerful tug in her new
body, one of wanting to share something secret in return, a dangerous
need to assert herself frankly. She remedied this unknown feeling
welling up inside her by resting her eyes on what she knew best, her
collection of bike parts pinned to the walls of the garage with nails.
It was placed in such a fashion that it spiraled out from the middle of
the wall, tires, gears and broken handlebars glued and roped and nailed
together.

She remembered the first time Novalie asked if she wanted to go biking,
and she had spent half a week studying bikes, their history and
mechanics. She went to the junkyard and compiled all the components of a
bike from what she gleaned from *The Art of the Two Wheeled Beast* by
Jean Wilder. She learned that the first wheel was made six thousand
years ago but this slim device was only invented in the last two
hundred. *How rudimentary*, she had thought as she observed the pieces,
*yet wonderful*.

But it was only until she got on the bike that Aneilia realized that no
amount of studying could prepare her for the experiential aspect of the
human bike. Novalie had watched on in horror as Aneilia veered straight
into a ditch after ranting about the genius of shifting gears. She
violently somersaulted off, slamming into the wet grass, staining her
white polo shirt green.

"Aneilia!" she had heard Novalie scream. Novalie ended up tripping off
her bike trying to dismount on the side of the road, tumbling alongside
her. "Are you okay?"

Aneilia had never felt the body she was in so alive as it did when it
was hurting; her knees stung from being scraped by the bike pedal, her
abdomen ached from the impact, and her head throbbed. "I think I'm
dying," she had said, completely serious. "Internal bleeding."

As her head spun, Aneilia had thought Novalie had begun to malfunction
too. A choking noise erupted from Novalie and Aneilia peered over to
her, curious despite the pain. All of the liquids: the snot, saliva, and
tears dripped down from Novalie's cheeks as she shook from laughter.
She was laughing! After a while, she said: "Trust me, you're gonna be
okay."

"You don't know that," said Aneilia. But as she protested she could
already feel the pain in her stomach starting to subside.

"Just say you don't know how to bike," said Novalie. She was still
laughing, but it came out in more gentle tremors. "I can teach you."

Aneilia wiped off the blades of grass on her shirt. "I thought I did my
research."

"I swear you seemed like you really loved biking," said Novalie.

"Just wait 'til I actually learn the way of the two wheeled beast."

Novalie had given Aneilia a curious look then, incredulous and in awe.

That night, Novalie patiently held onto Aneilia's handlebars to
stabilize her bike for her to learn how to pedal. Aneilia felt that
unknown feeling for the first time, an expanding cavern in her chest --
something boundless like anarchy, which perhaps was just love.

Now alone in the garage, Aneilia appreciated the deconstructed bike
pieces pinned to the wall, taken out of their context and holding
sentimental value. After Novalie taught her how, biking was indeed one
of her favorite activities on the planet, along with prose poetry and
bird watching. Aneilia touched the chain and gear hung closest to her,
the grease blackening her fingers. It was something she thought humans
would consider art.

<br>

Novalie saw Liv Burnman's turquoise toenails above the water as she
finished her lap in the pool. Liv was always late, but it didn't matter
because her times stayed the same: fast.

"Hey Novalie," said Liv out the side of her mouth, crouching down at the
edge of the pool and dangling her feet in the water. She usually called
her Mariam.

"Hi Liv," said Novalie. She wanted to get out of the pool and could feel
her fingertips pruning, but she felt compelled to continue the
conversation without interrupting. She took off her goggles and blinked
forcefully, her legs kicking underneath to keep herself afloat as her
elbows rested on the plastic grate at the side of the pool.

"Coach said we are doing the medley relay with Riley and Anne," said
Liv.

Novalie nodded. "Cool."

"You're pretty fast," said Liv. "How do you do it?"

"What do you mean?" said Novalie. "You're our best swimmer."

"Ha, thanks," said Liv. And then after a pause: "But I mean with
school."

"What?"

"How do you also get good grades?"

"Yeah, well," Novalie thought about the comfort assignments gave her, a
fat red A at the top of an exam, "My mom wants me to be a good student."

"Oh, I'm sure she does," said Liv. "You know, Mr. Langley tells me if I
don't get him my essay by Friday he won't let me pass his class."

Novalie finally knew where the conversation was going. "Do you want me
to take a look at your essay?" she asked.

Liv averted Novalie's gaze. "Yeah sure, that would be really great
actually."

Novalie pulled herself up and out of the water. As they sat side by
side, Novalie's arm brushed against Liv's. Liv scooted away immediately
but Novalie didn't notice.

"Yeah, also I'm having a party at my house before the formal. Riley and
Anne are coming too," she said. "You are free to join us."

Novalie swished her legs in the water, trying to contain her excitement.
"I'll ask my mom," she said. She immediately regretted her lame
response. "Could Aneilia come too?"

Liv made a face as if she had just tasted something awful. "Aneilia? Oh
yeah you guys sit at lunch together. I don't know, she's a little..."
Liv made the face again.

Novalie nodded slowly. "Right, yeah that's fine."

Liv shrugged. "You guys are different. Aneilia, the way she asks
questions, it's kind of ... alarming, right?"

Novalie nodded again.

"Like, you know how things *are*, and I like that. Maybe even quiet or
mysterious. At first I thought Aneilia was cool, but she's just kinda
annoying. She doesn't seem to really get it..." Liv couldn't find the
right words to finish her thought.

Novalie felt herself standing up to go. Liv's assertion of her tacit
acceptance made her want to hurl.

"I think my mom will probably be here soon to pick me up," she said as
she walked towards the locker room.

"Yeah, just don't forget my essay," hollered Liv.

"Yup, I'll get it to you by Thursday, that way you can revise it so--"
said Novalie, but her response was swallowed by a splash; Liv had
already dived head first into the pool.

<br>

Novalie and her mother ended up deciding on the blue sundress that
pinched at Novalie's armpits and a neat bun that her mother laboriously
wrestled her hair up into. But meeting Aneilia's parents, Novalie now
knew it was pointless to have spent that much time putting herself
together. The Otts were not like the other white families in town.

Aneilia Ott's parents had unnaturally narrow shoulders and normal-sized
heads. Their small torso-to-leg ratio made it seem that they were
floating above the dinner table, bobbleheads with giant knives in their
left hands and chopsticks in their right. They communicated with each
other with sideways glances and small chin twitches that made Novalie
feel like she was watching an intricate dance between two rodents
relaying important information -- an encroaching coyote, a hawk
circling, a human trying to smoke them out. She watched them eat their
lasagna like little field mice and tried to hide her judgment. When
Aneilia returned to the table, Novalie let out a long, secret exhale and
unclasped the strand of hair she had been fiddling with.

"Here," said Aneilia, placing four glowering oranges onto the table, all
from the fruit basket Novalie brought as a present.

Novalie grabbed the one farthest away from her.

"Why did you pick that one?" asked Aneilia. Aneilia's voice was always
louder when she was asking a question.

"Don't be so abrasive Nellie, people pick things for arbitrary reasons
all the time," said Aneilia's mom. Her voice was always the same volume,
right above a whisper. "It's quite ru--"

"Why did you pick that one?" persisted Aneilia.

Novalie was always taken aback by her curiosity but she liked it when
Aneilia asked questions like this. Eighth grade had been better because
as it happened she had Aneilia to explain it to. "Because it's the least
smooth, look at its rough skin, that means it'll be easy to peel, which
means there has been enough time for the fruit to sweeten."

"So if an orange is hard to peel, is it safe to assume that it will be
more acidic?" asked Aneilia, emphasizing the word acidic.

"Not necessarily, but it's a safe guess. Just means there is more water
content, if it's hard to peel and sweet, that means it's juicier too."

Aneilia smiled. "Everything is related to water."

Each of the Otts picked up an orange and started peeling them. They ate
a slice of their orange and then silently exchanged slices, doing this
multiple times and murmuring about the peel-to-sweetness ratios, ranking
them precisely.

"I think it's a good heuristic, Novalie. But these two have
indistinguishable sweetness while the peels are the same," said
Aneilia's dad, holding up two halves of oranges. He turned to Novalie.
"Thank you. You are instrumental."

Novalie smiled and nodded, her initial fears of meeting Aneilia's
family, even though she was the one begging to visit the big house at
the end of the culdesac, were quelled, swallowed by a bigger relief of
acceptance.

<br>

Puberty had clutched Novalie at the age of thirteen and that night she
woke up to the feeling of her breasts swelling in the Floridian heat. In
her semi-dark room, she stared at the gradient rings of water damage on
her ceiling left by the negligent upstairs neighbors and imagined it as
a topography map of an unknown land.

She listened unwillingly to her mother in the next room on the phone
with her dad; it was morning in Shanghai. Some of the words she could
pick out: *fang wu bao xian*, home insurance; *zui jin xin wen*, the
recent news; *xiao jiu lai yue jing le*, Little Jiu got her first
period. Her dad started the arguing, his voice harsh and made harsher
from the distortion of the phone, something about tampons being bad for
girls, and her mom retorting that she was on the swim team so it was a
necessary evil.

Novalie began hallucinating the chlorine from the pool, the air around
her coalescing into a viscous mixture she was now floating in. She loved
to swim. The sport was all motion and senses -- moving through water,
she could feel the proportions of her power with each stroke. Her coach
called her stone face but Novalie thought her face betrayed her all the
time. But nobody noticed; they only saw her when she won something, when
she was finally at the podium. Aneilia did though. She would be the one
to wait for her in the locker room, wrap a towel around her shoulders
and ask her about her favorite distance to swim.

Novalie wiped the sweat collected in the divet between her nose and her
cheek. With her blanket on the floor, there was nothing more she could
do except take her shirt off. She did, but a pang of shame made her put
it back on.

The streetlight outside their apartment buzzed synchronously with the
katydids, and she confused their rhythm for her own heartbeat. Something
about dinner at Aneilia's home had made her want to throw away all of
her Seabright photographs. Images of oranges floated to the surface, the
creamy insides of the peel, Aneilia's parents' mousy chatter, their wide
eyes, their shared extreme curiosity.

Nobody in Athens would have been able to figure it out, except Novalie,
who was not repulsed enough, who was perhaps more similar than
different.

Novalie's breath quickened, until she became suspicious of it. But there
were benefits to living in the half-basement apartment -- it was good
for escape.

<br>

"Can I show you something?" asked Aneilia.

"Oh yeah?"

Somewhere in Athens, Florida, eighth graders were partying with Liv
Burnam before their disco-jubilee. But not Novalie or Aneilia.

They were biking again.

Strangely, Novalie knew that Aneilia was still deciding if she should
show her anything at all. So she stayed extra quiet. When they got to a
big willow tree, they stopped and laid their bikes in the tall grass. A
faint smile grew on Aneilia's face.

"It's something I wrote."

Novalie just nodded, afraid to change Aneilia's mind.

Aneilia pulled out a journal, its cover a collage of disc shaped
objects: buttons, bottlecaps, and nickels. It reminded Novalie of the
bottom of her desk.

Her eyes were still and honest. Normally the color of water, they were
shining now. Strands of hair framed her face, trembling slightly. She
paused again before starting to read, her voice faint.

"The sky negotiated with the water, and I landed silently on the foam. I
was given new layers to wear, bound to me in a flash of light. I
breathed in the salt, pollen, and fish. I said each of these words out
loud to myself, feeling my mouth warp and react to the air, casting
feeble vibrations out into this vast, foreign kingdom. My tongue ached
and I craved to know the names of things. My eyes stumbled at the
ferocity of light and I shivered at the new system of colors laid out
before me. I knew what all of them were called but did not know which
one was which. I was spinning, nauseous. But when my bones and muscles
heaved and braced to steady me, I was pleased. I looked down and said to
myself: these are my hands, my nails. I touched this body I have now,
the skin softer than I expected, the organ meant to resist the world
around it elastic and pliable. They were here with me too, both taller.
I was the one given the chance to start completely new, here. We stepped
in towards the beach, noisy waves at our knees, their crashes
welcoming."

Aneilia looked up at her friend, who couldn't help but smile at Aneilia,
a secret buried exquisitely between them.

"Thanks," she whispered into the night.
